feat(changelog): transactional-email-added-tem-dashboard 2024-04-15 (#3060)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-15-transactional-email-added-tem-dashboard.mdx

---

> title: TEM Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Transactional Email metrics are available in Cockpit!
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-15
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> We're excited to announce the release of the TEM dashboard! Now available through the Cockpit product, you can effortlessly monitor the performance and reputation of your email domains.
> 
> You can access it from the Metrics tab of the TEM product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce that you can now view your Transactional Email metrics in a managed dashboard in Grafana! Available through the Cockpit product, you can effortlessly monitor your email performance and the reputation of your domains.

Access your dashboard via your domain's **Metrics** tab in the [Scaleway console.](https://console.scaleway.com/transactional-email/domains/)
```
